Adds new github issue template (#4262)
elastic/security-docs: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/ui-copy-request.md

---
name: UI Copy Request
about: Describe the UI text that you need us to work on.
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

## Description 

> [Summarize your request here. What is the work, what is its current status, and how can we help? Feel free to include screenshots.]

Reviewer: Would you mind elaborating on what you mean by "current status"? Are we asking what stage the copy's in? 

On a related note, are we offering to help design write copy that doesn't exist? Or, are we only committing to reviewing existing copy? If it's the former, should we include that detail here?

### Software version
Does this work affect serverless, stateful/classic, or both? Is this work targeted for a particular release version? Is this work related to text that's already in production?

### Timeline
What is the timeline for this work? When would it be ideal for for us to complete the request? What deliverables do you need, and when? If applicable, how do the release timelines for this feature differ between serverless / stateful?

### Collaborators
Please include contact information for the responsible product manager, designer, and developer (name, github / slack @):

PM:
Designer: 
Developer:

## Links / related assets  

Please include each of the following, if applicable:

Figma link(s):

Github epic link(s):

Github issue link(s):

> Production page(s) where content appears (link, or describe how to find it):

Reviewer: What a production page? Are we just asking for a way to test flows and see copy? Also, we probably want to encourage some security best practices here, so we're not sharing internal deployments. Maybe a line or two that encourages the secure sharing of test environments?

> Figma link(s):
> 
> Github epic link(s):
> 
> Github issue link(s):
> 
> Production page(s) where content appears (link, or describe how to find it):

Reviewer 2: A few things:
- Tiny li'l nit, the parentheses aren't needed and feel overly formal. Folks will understand that they can submit one or more of each.
- Do we need to break out epics vs. issues? And we'd also want PR links if they have them, so maybe just one item for All The GitHub Things.
- In this context, maybe "production pages" means something like "areas of UI"?

```suggestion
Figma links:

GitHub links (epics, issues, PRs):

Areas of UI where content appears (link, or describe how to find it):
```

Also agree with @nastasha-solomon, we can remind folks not to share internal deployment credentials, though I didn't read this as requesting deployment info, just general info about where to find the text within the app. We need both, though, so wherever we ask about deployments should also have a reminder about internal stuff.
